c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\bin\Debug\AjoutCarte.exe.config
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\bin\Debug\AjoutCarte.exe
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\bin\Debug\AjoutCarte.pdb
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\description.g.cs
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\AjoutCarte_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\AjoutCarte_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\description.baml
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\AjoutCarte.g.resources
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\AjoutCarte.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\AjoutCarte.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\AjoutCarte.exe
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\AjoutCarte.pdb
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\amelioration.g.cs
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\carte.g.cs
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\faction.g.cs
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\ship.g.cs
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\amelioration.baml
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\carte.baml
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\faction.baml
c:\users\sylvain\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\ship.baml
C:\Users\Sylvain\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\action.g.cs
C:\Users\Sylvain\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\action.baml
C:\Users\Sylvain\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Sylvain\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AjoutCarte\AjoutCarte\obj\Debug\AjoutCarte.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
